# Hopium Hospital

This is my gamejam entry for Hopejam. It is a cutesy comedic cozy game where you work as a doctor at Hopium Hospital. You interview patients, scan them with an X-ray to see what's going on in their brains, diagnose them, and then help them find hope to overcome their afflictions.
<br>Most of my games have been linear and restrictive in terms of what you can do, whereas this one is more open. While it makes most sense if played chronologically from beginning to end, you can easily choose how to play and which content you wish to prioritize or skip. 
<br>In typical Dani game fashion (see [Spooky Potion Shop](https://github.com/danielledonnelly/spooky-potion-shop)), Hopium Hospital features 2D layered assets designed in Canva + some drag and drop brewing mechanics.

Disclaimers:
<br>Despite the cartoony graphics, this game has some mature language and is not intended for young audiences. Yet despite the mature language, it is not an especially mature game either. 
<br>Hopium Hospital was made purely for fun and laughs, so it should not be taken seriously. I just wanted to make something with bright colours and cute animals saying silly absurdist dialogue. 
<br>For the sake of transparency, I cannot emphasize enough just how much of this code was generated by Cursor. I fully turned my brain off while working on this so that I could focus on the graphics, animations, and everything else.

<br>I'd like to go back to the game at a later date to fix some things up and properly annotate/organize the code. But for now, I'm quite happy with the half-baked silly state it is currently in.

<br>Major thank you / shout out / credit to Josh for composing the music!
